very good you have first days here with
all of you and it's flying over the
tve server that many of you
Well you are asking me things about
of this to explain everything and how
get everything in the same video I hope
that I do not get too long so
well let's start the first thing there
what to emphasize is that the server pv or
test server has its own
launcher is to say your own launcher
is for is seeing on screen is
own what does he mean by this
because here you are going to change region and here
you will not find Europe from this north
america western europe I do not know here only
you will find tv then yes you can
select the language that most
correspond to your country but everyone goes to
access the pv so everyone is
connected on the same server as well
say it but let's go in so that what
let's do a little more in detail not this
do not see it like in any other
server does not have any mystery this and
once you see it the good thing that
has and that's why it's the name of that
video is that this is a server made
to prove things is to say is not a
server that is made so that you then
you get to play as the server
official is not a server that you
You can try things when I say try
things I mean the changes that
can enter for it when nothing
more register and stay the account now
you're level 30 or you do not have to play
desired game to climb to level 30
so you can try to feed
you can try all the runes all the
masters and prove certain things not
apart from level 30 they also give you a few
page rivers and some points to think
register you are 10,000 page and 4000 river
points if you have heard well network
free points so register are
free and then with this I think that
we can do then we can go to the
store as if they were normal server
just that good and there are prices that are a
little cheaper good to see if this
shit load now
let's go to store let's go aspects
for example I recommend that good
you can try the new champions but
especially for you you have the doubt of
buy yourself an appearance for example or the
30 kill that are worth 900 on server 975
on the official server and you say fuck no
pasta fanciest know if this site does not
I know if then I'll like how the
good game you come here and for just
390 apart from that they are free and they go
recharging houses every week I think so
you can get it then try the
game you buy it here pingping well
maybe unlocked objects you already have to
the 30 kill property and now you go
to the game and you can try it and if then
what tests and say host is worth it
because he is pretty handsome base the
You pay for your nice pasta, papam and tea
you get it and now you can enjoy
the official server
something good here good look you can see
that the legendary aspects that are worth
1800 here are only worth 300 points with
which later you can try and
then and decide if it is good or bad
good as you can see here in this
server are also the last
news like the replay system
official this might not be official
that you can see the repetition this is
will introduce hopefully that shortly
and then it's all the same here we have
the runes the masters the champions
that you have few but good as you have
page and river point for free you can
unlock as much as you want here look
we can already see the karma that
It is not yet official on another server
already with the work done and everything here the
we can see and we can buy it look
for only 10 point 400 river for her
we can unlock karma and try it
as much as we want the aspects also
pretty cheap
so good we'll get a little
how to get this so you can
processes to enjoy this server
so let's do this and good once
everything looks beautiful everything seems
magnificent let's go to register the
The bad thing about this is that here is
a little bitch and is that even a
little restricted the creation of accounts
this server since all the countries and
everyone is doing this
server then collapses the
record of giving accounts is like a
little bitten and then well they go
opening now and then
It's closed but well I'll show you
for how to do it so that at the moment
that is open you are about to register if
you can enter it's worth so what
we would put is tve point league of
legends dotcom and here you give it and I'll
I'm going to go in to load the page
because if I do not do anything a bitch
good and here we stopped it just worth not
He has loaded me well but it is because he has
an explanation this and here we already
we register in a normal account and
current what happens is that now if
we access this address we are going to do
It is normal because after leaving you leaves
create now we will see
it begins to load so it seems that yes but
are you going takes you takes you to the forum
English during says that currently the
state of account creation is
closet is closed and they are
working on it and they will try
do it as soon as possible speak
so it's good that you just have
very much in mind that as soon as
open
I will also inform on facebook
twitter and here by youtube
I will inform when it is open so that
be quick and you can enjoy yourself every
Once you sign up you can already do
every day you want so good
as a gift or as help while not
you can create the account what I'm going to
give is the option that you go
downloading the server because you are
that download the entire server as if
it was another game apart but as a
Once you create the account, it gives you the
option to download but with the sheep
what I have done has been to raise the
server to a file server
then you will find the link in the
description of the video and there you can
download I think it weighs still occupies a
gig and something and then it 's already
update the patches and you can now
you have the server ready for
hours
play so good let's see this a
a little better
fine or when once the downloads
the link that leaves the description of
video as I said that good is will emerge
the truth is that good is enough to
download but well more more has it
cost me upload this to a server
files may have thrown hours even
almost one day and well here we can see
then it is simply this we bring them
and we will stay until he will repeat from here
next hit v and inside then
we will find we would meet in
any other league of legends the
four folders we just started
one of these two preferably admin
Hello
and then this surely spears
an update because if if
would like to go up fully authorized to
today because the truth is that this
would occupy that of God would deal 5 gigas
and then yes I do not download them and ice
nor shitting because of that he preferred to do it
well and here you can choose aesthetics that
you want this is to go and update now
you are ready to play and in the moment
that I told you you realize now
you create the account and you start playing
pp and approve everything new that is by
come the say play is so ball that
I'm going to leave the video I hope that I have
served I feel that you can not create
tell the truth but good I do not send
I can not give an account and nothing so
well let's hope that soon you can and
we all enjoy this server up
that that moment arrives then you can
continue to enjoy the new content of
my channel that you try to report what
soon possible so a greeting and we
we see in the next video see you later